# facebook

The Isle of Wight TSSC Area was formed way back in 1988 when Paul and Jason first had the idea, it has been going strong ever since. Lots of the cars are still around on the island and many have been owned by more than one member. The meetings have for the last few years been alongside other Triumph Clubs and it is great to meet with like minded enthusiasts. Evening meetings are at The Woodman Arms in Wootton on the third Monday of the month. To encourage some more of you out and about, we will be having meetings on some Sundays, which will be a drive out and generally finish somewhere for a cup of tea or lunch and a natter. Suggestions are always welcome. Our other claim to fame is the camping weekend which has been going for 25 years no less! Graham and Angela have done a fantastic job over the last few years and the new team intend to continue with the tradition. The 26th Isle of Wight Triumph Weekend is at the usual venue, Appuldurcombe Holiday Park over the first May bank holiday, 1st to 4th May, 2015.The Isle of Wight TSSC Area was formed way back in 1988 when Paul and Jason first had the idea, it has been going strong ever since. Lots of the cars are still around on the island and many have been owned by more than one member. The meetings have for the last few years been alongside other Triumph Clubs and it is great to meet with like minded enthusiasts. Evening meetings are at The Woodman Arms in Wootton on the third Monday of the month. To encourage some more of you out and about, we will be having meetings on some Sundays, which will be a drive out and generally finish somewhere for a cup of tea or lunch and a natter. Suggestions are always welcome. Our other claim to fame is the camping weekend which has been going for 25 years no less! Graham and Angela have done a fantastic job over the last few years and the new team intend to continue with the tradition. The 26th Isle of Wight Triumph Weekend is at the usual venue, Appuldurcombe Holiday Park over the first May bank holiday, 1st to 4th May, 2015.
